Implement a Simple Edit mode for the JSON Schema editor, enabling users to modify the schema via an HTML form (#869)
inkeep/agents: .changeset/neat-beans-tell.md

---
"@inkeep/agents-manage-ui": minor
---

> add `Simple Edit` mode for JSON Schema editors which opens Dialog where JSON Schema values are represented as html forms

Author: ```suggestion
Add a `Simple Edit` mode for JSON Schema editors that opens a dialog where JSON Schema values are displayed and editable through an HTML form
```

> Add a `Simple Edit` mode for JSON Schema editors that opens a dialog where JSON Schema values are displayed and editable through an HTML form

Author: ```suggestion
Implement a Simple Edit mode for the JSON Schema editor, enabling users to modify the schema via an HTML form.
```
